Hi girls and boys
It's okay with you, just like me.
here study work is in several things
to do in day to day I'm sure
We had this run.
It's good for simple, practical things.
Actually, that's for me, too.
much as far as cooking is concerned, I
I love those prescriptions that are easy
super simple to do but also
very tasty because it is very
important
Of course, I'm going to teach them today.
I'll show you how to do it.
makes a very passion fruit mousse
tasty is actually you can be
washed to other favors and already
I tried to make strawberries, but it's me.
I confess that I really liked it was the
of passion fruit is super simple you do not have
has no secret
and I invite you then to see me
the ingredients are super simple you
They're going to need only one pot like that.
the world of any brand is a can
condensed milk
you will need two little boxes of
milk and passion fruit juice
You can use
is social and if you have at home it took
get well too but now I do not have
preference
come on good now the only thing that
you have to do is observe everyone
these ingredients in blender
duckling light and 170 grams is well
I really like people because he knows
more
now you put the two of milk and
juice of passion fruit causes here already
I chose it was the only one I've used up
now I do not know if another gets time with
this certainly is now and only you
good simple super people have no mystery
none and our music is ready
I'll put here looks consistent
very near a delight and then
It's also if I think you can
receive a visit if you want to do
beautiful to be special to you
you can buy the fruit even for
window to use that seed
Favorite passion fruit to play here you
also
You can already do it in portions.
individual
Good people stayed like this is that amount
more or less
and now I'll leave it at the window to have
to serve tomorrow and after the show
For you this moment and show that
if it got good
the good side now our world is over
ready a woman super line neither falls
the taste is wonderful
I really liked it
It's very good, and it's a look.
made with juice really looks like it
It's made with the fruit and like I said you
can say of other senators is
Strawberry
he looked very weird he knows
It's the one from here, it's very good.
I prefer to turn blue and it does not seem
perfect when consumption really
it looks like it was done
if you pull over and write to us
quality comments for me and a
kiss